# ImageJ threshold isodata (v0.5.0)

Iterative procedure based on the isodata algorithm of:  Picture Thresholding
Using an Iterative Selection Method. (1978). IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man,
and Cybernetics, 8(8), 630–632. doi:10.1109/tsmc.1978.4310039. As described by
[ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#isodata) the procedure divides the image into object and background by taking an
initial threshold, then the averages of the pixels at or below the threshold and
pixels above are computed. The averages of those two values are computed, the
threshold is incremented and the process is repeated until the threshold is
larger than the composite average. That is,

$$threshold = (average_background + averave_foreground) / 2$$

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them.
For more information on what this plugin does, contact one of the authors:

 - Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov)
 - Anjali Taneja
 - Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com)
 - Najib Ishaq (najib.ishaq@nih.gov)

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the version in the `VERSION` file.

Then to build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name        | Description                                   | I/O    | Type       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| `--inpDir`  | The collection to be processed by this plugin | Input  | collection |
| `--pattern` | The filepattern for the input images          | Input  | string     |
| `--outDir`  | The output collection                         | Output | collection |
