# ImageJ threshold triangle (v0.5.0-dev0)

This plugin implements the triangle threshold method. As described by [ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#triangle)
the Triangle algorithm, a geometric method, cannot tell whether the data is
skewed to one side or another, but assumes a maximum peak (mode) near one end of
the histogram and searches towards the other end. This causes a problem in the
absence of information of the type of image to be processed, or when the maximum
is not near one of the histogram extremes (resulting in two possible threshold
regions between that max and the extremes). Here the algorithm was extended to
find on which side of the max peak the data goes the furthest and searches for
the threshold within that largest range.

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them.
For more information on what this plugin does, contact one of the authors:

 - Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov)
 - Anjali Taneja
 - Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com)
 - Najib Ishaq (najib.ishaq@nih.gov)

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the version in the `VERSION` file.

Then to build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name        | Description                                   | I/O    | Type       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| `--inpDir`  | The collection to be processed by this plugin | Input  | collection |
| `--pattern` | The filepattern for the input images          | Input  | string     |
| `--outDir`  | The output collection                         | Output | collection |
