# ImageJ threshold percentile (v0.5.1-dev0)

As described by [ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#percentile)
this plugin assumes the fraction of foreground pixels to be 0.5. This method was
proposed in Doyle, W. (1962). Operations Useful for Similarity-Invariant Pattern
Recognition. Journal of the ACM, 9(2), 259–267.
[doi:10.1145/321119.321123](https://doi.org/10.1145/321119.321123)

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for
ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them. For more information on what this
plugin does, contact one of the authors: Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov),
Anjali Taneja or Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com).

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them.
For more information on what this plugin does, contact one of the authors:

 - Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov)
 - Anjali Taneja
 - Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com)
 - Najib Ishaq (najib.ishaq@nih.gov)

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the version in the `VERSION` file.

Then to build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name        | Description                                   | I/O    | Type       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| `--inpDir`  | The collection to be processed by this plugin | Input  | collection |
| `--pattern` | The filepattern for the input images          | Input  | string     |
| `--outDir`  | The output collection                         | Output | collection |
