# ImageJ threshold renyientropy (v0.5.1)

Uses Renyi entropy method by Kapur, Sahoo, to threshold an input collection as
described by [ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#renyientropy).
This method calculates the entropy for the background and foreground objects and
finds the threshold value which maximizes the sum of theses entropy values. This
method is similar to the MaxEntropy method.

Kapur, J. N., Sahoo, P. K., & Wong, A. K. C. (1985). A new method for gray-level
picture thresholding using the entropy of the histogram. Computer Vision,
Graphics, and Image Processing, 29(3), 273–285.
[doi:10.1016/0734-189x(85)90125-2](https://doi.org/10.1016/0734-189x(85)90125-2)

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them.
For more information on what this plugin does, contact one of the authors:

 - Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov)
 - Anjali Taneja
 - Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com)
 - Najib Ishaq (najib.ishaq@nih.gov)

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the version in the `VERSION` file.

Then to build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name        | Description                                   | I/O    | Type       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| `--inpDir`  | The collection to be processed by this plugin | Input  | collection |
| `--pattern` | The filepattern for the input images          | Input  | string     |
| `--outDir`  | The output collection                         | Output | collection |
