# ImageJ threshold minimum (v0.5.1-dev0)

As described by [ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#minimum) this
operation is similar to the Intermodes method, this assumes a bimodal histogram.
The histogram is iteratively smoothed using a running average of size 3, until
there are only two local maxima. The threshold value is then selected as the
minimum pixel value between the two bimodal peaks. This algorithm is presented
in Prewitt, J. M. S., & Mendelsohn, M. L. (2006). THE ANALYSIS OF CELL IMAGES*.
Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, 128(3), 1035–1053.
[doi:10.1111/j.1749-6632.1965.tb11715.x](https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.1965.tb11715.x)

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them.
For more information on what this plugin does, contact one of the authors:

 - Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov)
 - Anjali Taneja
 - Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com)
 - Najib Ishaq (najib.ishaq@nih.gov)

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the version in the `VERSION` file.

Then to build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name        | Description                                   | I/O    | Type       |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- |
| `--inpDir`  | The collection to be processed by this plugin | Input  | collection |
| `--pattern` | The filepattern for the input images          | Input  | string     |
| `--outDir`  | The output collection                         | Output | collection |
