# ImageJ threshold minError

An iterative implementation of Kittler and Illingworth’s Minimum Error 
thresholding as described by [ImageJ](https://imagej.net/plugins/auto-threshold#minerrori). 
The algortihm was proposed in Kittler, J., & Illingworth, J. (1986). Minimum 
error thresholding. Pattern Recognition, 19(1), 41–47. 
[doi:10.1016/0031-3203(86)90030-0](https://doi.org/10.1016/0031-3203(86)90030-0).

The algorithm is an iterative process which selects a threshold value by 
minimizing the number of misclassifications between the Gaussian distributions 
of the background and foreground objects as described in Glasbey, C. A. (1993). 
An Analysis of Histogram-Based Thresholding Algorithms. CVGIP: Graphical Models 
and Image Processing, 55(6), 532–537. [doi:10.1006/cgip.1993.1040](https://doi.org/10.1006/cgip.1993.1040)

This WIPP plugin was automatically generated by a utility that searches for
ImageJ plugins and generates code to run them. For more information on what this
plugin does, contact one of the authors: Nick Schaub (nick.schaub@nih.gov), 
Anjali Taneja or Benjamin Houghton (benjamin.houghton@axleinfo.com).

For more information on WIPP, visit the [official WIPP page](https://isg.nist.gov/deepzoomweb/software/wipp).

## Building

Bump the verison in the `VERSION` file.

Then oo build the Docker image for the conversion plugin, run
`./build-docker.sh`.

## Install WIPP Plugin

If WIPP is running, navigate to the plugins page and add a new plugin.
Paste the contents of `plugin.json` into the pop-up window and submit.

## Options

This plugin takes one input argument and one output argument:

| Name          | Description             | I/O    | Type   |
|---------------|-------------------------|--------|--------|
| `--inpDir` | Collection to be processed by this plugin | Input | collection |
| `--opName` | Operation to perform | Input | enum |
| `--outDir` | Output collection | Output | collection |

